Denmark and Sweden's commitment to free
speech is wilting in the face of Quran
bombings Muslims coming from Freddy
prayer watched the Quran being burnt on
the opposite street from the mosque on
July 28 2023 in Copenhagen Denmark six
Quran bombings were planned to be held
in Copenhagen this Friday with this one
being held directly across from a mosque
where Friday prayer was in progress
Danish diplomats were today called to
meetings in Egypt and Saudi Arabia to
receive the local government's
dissatisfaction with these actions and
on Monday foreign ministers from 57
countries will meet to discuss the Quran
bombings bonding in Sweden and Denmark
and what actions should be taken
well action this is the way it's done
the West we have we have rights here we
have rights here if someone wants to
burn the Quran they can bomb the Quran
if someone wants to bomb the Bible they
can bomb the Bible another thing
basically and one of those is going to
result in not as much violence you know
I mean I mean and if you don't like it
you can go back to Muslim countries or
you don't want to go back why because
they're awful countries why what made
them awful
was it was it all the blasphemy laws and
all the it was all the Shady I lost
stuff is that what made them that what
made them bad
it was wasn't it it was in 2005 your
Danish newspaper published a number of
cartoons depicting the prophet Muhammad
which led to a global Battle of values
over the relationship between freedom of
expression and religion uh despite
multiple terrorist attacks one of them
deadly I believe one of the cartoonists
was actually murdered in the middle of
the street uh others thwarted and
concerted diplomatic pressure from the
57 Muslim majority members of the
organization of Islamic cooperation led
by countries like Pakistan Egypt Saudi
Arabia and Iran the Danish government
held form and refused demand to impose
Islamic blasphemy Norms because these
are not Islamic countries at least not
yet but I mean you left your old
countries because you felt they were
[ __ ]
and let's just be very honest with each
other it was all the Sharia stuff that
made them [ __ ]
and then you've came here and you want
to establish the exact same stuff that
made your old countries [ __ ]
do you not see the problem
nobody's stopping you from being Muslim
nobody
nobody's stopping you if anything the
government are more likely to defend you
than they are Christians right so you
know you've got it you've got
everything's fine the rest of us would
just like to keep our human rights you
know however recent events have
shattered this resolve following months
of public Quran bondings in Denmark and
Sweden as well as renewed and increased
pressure from the OIC and attacks on the
Swedish Embassy in Iraq and a Danish
non-governmental organization in basil
last month Scandinavian democracies are
retreating from their liberal principles
on July 30 if Danish foreign minister
Las Loki Rasmussen announced that the
government will seek to enact
legislation for special situations where
other countries cultures and religions
could be insulted potentially resulting
in significant negative consequences for
Denmark blasphemy laws
blasphemy laws that's that's what's
happening
okay so you're no longer like a free
Democratic Nation you have blasphemy
laws right
you're a secular State now where the
state steps in uh to defend religion for
from people exercising their human
rights
oh yeah Middle East one uh
Sweden is mulling over similar actions
these capitulations have forced these
countries to debate how far they are
willing to go to defend their freedoms
in the face of violence and
international backlash uh I think uh
basically if you are enacting your
freedom and you're not actually causing
any physical harm to people or property
and people want to attack you for it
uh like I'm just saying we've all got a
right to defend ourselves especially
when we're just enacting our human
rights and people wish to infringe upon
them if they meet us with violence
I'm not saying go out and be violent I'm
saying
wait until they throw the first punch uh
on the one hand there are good reasons
to be critical of book bombings you can
be critical of them all you want just
you can't ban them because that's
people's human rights it is a pure
substitute for reason debate I would
completely agree with that and one that
will forever be associated with totality
in states such as Nazi Germany and our
Collective history but however noxious
the ideas of the far-rate protesters who
taught qurans they weren't they're all
far right they weren't there was
actually a few ex-muslims and amongst
them as well but I've got a feeling
you're not going to mention those guys
are you uh they are not State agents
they are not speaking for the government
nor do they have the power to censor or
discriminate they are private
individuals whose non-violent symbolic
expressions are intended to convey a
message which however offensive to those
who disprove is part and parcel of free
expression yep I would say that's
correct and that's where the argument
ends however not for time the violence
that accompanies this event stems both
from terrorist groups as well as from
counter protesters who insist that
religious taboos can only be enforced
through mob intimidation and violence
but they are mistaken
yeah
that's basically the real a lot of
secular Nations do use violence to
enforce the religion yeah yes let me let
me go back to 2007 red and tap my tap my
Fedora my lady in July an Iranian
citizen Bond the Danish and Swedish
flags as well as the Bible and Torah in
front of the Israeli Embassy in
Copenhagen praising Ayatollah Khomeini
in the process now notice that this man
was not met with violence
was an entire part of the bottle just
raised about
or something he wasn't maybe violence
you know that's I would say it's a
distasteful thing to do but that's
completely his right to do that I would
say that bonding the Quran is also a
distasteful thing to do but people are
completely within the right to do it
they are problem solved it's over oh but
what about the terrorist groups who are
the terrorist groups what did they
believe in again
what's that what side are they on
I think that may be the same that's the
problem uh but a few Danes killed about
this deliberate attempt to provoke no
one threatened to use violence yeah
funny that yeah and the protester was
not arrested rather than demonstrating
Danish hypocrisy the protester managed
to show how a secular society committed
to both free speech and tolerance can
handle offensive ideas and also how
these values serve as the antithesis to
violence I get secular and non-secular
mixed up all the time I think I might
have done it earlier in the video for
that I apologize a despite these and
other demonstrable merits of free speech
the recent steps taken by Denmark and
Sweden review a concerning Trend bowing
to intimidation from politically
authoritarian and religiously oppressive
States sets a perilous precedent and
gives oppressive regimes potential
leverage to further undermine Democratic
principles because that's one thing the
state do whenever they get their foot in
the door of taking your freedom away
they will [ __ ] smash the whole door
open as soon as you let them get the
food and that's the the rest of the
rights will go right after that because
states by their very nature are our
operations of control their job is to
control everything if something is not
controlled eventually it will be that is
the inherent nature of States states
never get less powerful over time they
don't they don't the only time they lose
their power is when a bigger State comes
in and [ __ ] them up or they have a nice
little Boogaloo that sorts out the
problem to sweeten This Bitter pill the
Danish government has been less than
factual in its messaging Danish Prime
Minister a methi Fredrickson said that
burning sacred books does not constitute
an expression despite established case
law to the contrary yes freedom of
expression as and I I have not the
tiniest bit of shock whatsoever that the
leader of a surprising free Democratic
liberal country doesn't comprehend how
human rights work
I'm not I'm not the tiniest but shocked
about that the government has also said
that Denmark and Sweden are Global
outliers when it comes to the permit to
permitting the desecration of sacred
books even though both Norway and
Netherlands protect such symbolic
expression that are already also strong
reasons to believe that the OIC will not
be appeased by the proposed Danish legal
restrictions however rationalized
because they are the type of people that
can never be pleased
basically until you basically convert
every single person in the country uh to
Islam uh OIC will not be pleased
because she's
he's not the goal of religions right
like literally every religion you know
the goal
to have every single person and the
world believing that religion
the sort of religion is that's like the
purpose that's what they do right that's
the point so basically you're gonna go
up maybe they'll see no they won't they
won't see reason like their job is to
make you by force believe
question is not so much at one point
Christian's definitely right but
nowadays not so much
in fact pretty much not at all there's
still a small subset but that's a very
tiny minority uh Islam on the other hand
you know it's a completely different
kettle of fish uh the next day after the
Danish government's promised to explore
legal remedies against Quran bombings
the OIC released a strongly wanted
statement admonishing Denmark in Sweden
for failing to immediately criminalize
them and pledging to continue to pursue
the matter now I love how those shots
it's like what do you mean you can't
just pass a lot the drop of a hat why
can't you just pass a law and
immediately The Dropper what's
Parliament was parliamentary votes
what's Constitution and all that right
isn't it weird though that's the
approach of Muslim countries what do you
mean they can't comprehend not just
being immediately able to pass a law
because they are deeply authoritarian
because they are Muslim countries right
that's just the way it works there and
that is why a lot of these people
actually left those countries because
they couldn't handle the
authoritarianism so they come over here
and end up becoming the turkeys that
vote for they become the turkeys they
escaped Christmas just to just to come
to another country and go do you know
what we should have Christmas
that's [ __ ] stupid and the Turkish
ambassador to Denmark also warned that
the proposed Danish sheffields were
insufficient in other words once
democracies yield from principle
authoritarian States will not respond
with gratitude and conciliatory
attitudes but demand that these
self-imposed restrictions restrictions
on Free Speech be expanded more broadly
and that's not just other authoritarian
Nations that's their own government as
well the state that's ultimate certainly
what they want that is ultimately what
they want yeah we want absolute control
over absolutely everything well sorry
guys we were pressured by Saudi Arabia
okay why here's a plan say Saudi Arabia
[ __ ] off mind your own country this is
the West we do things differently here
you can do whatever the hell you want
with your own Nation but this is our
nation so
suck this fat [ __ ]
suck suck this fat [ __ ] that's that's
what you can do you're not in charge
we're in charge of our own country why
not do that
why not do that oh we'll bomb your
Embassy why do we have one there in the
first place who [ __ ] kills pull them
out who wants to talk to them
stupid in other words wants Democrat oh
I've already just read that yeah this is
not only true in Scandinavia but also in
the global stage earlier this month the
OIC managed to secure a crucial win at
the un's Human Rights Council where the
resolution that calls on member states
to among other things address prevent
and prosecute acts and advocacy of
religious hatred as a direct response to
the Scandinavian Quran bombings the OIC
argues that defamation of religious
ideas and symbols constitutes incitement
to religious hatred a category of speech
prohibited under international human
rights law and in most European
Democracies this would not just
legitimize but also give legal teeth to
the suppression of religious dissent and
would remove the stigma from countries
where blasphemy and apostasy is severely
punished uh yeah but also by trampling
on everyone's human rights as well
I love how I love how like no government
ever goes oh well that's human rights to
be literally we can't touch that
we can't touch that no that's human race
instead they go yes human rights but
let's find a way to like work around you
know let's get the Loyals and I'm like
like whenever a government does that
that should make everyone go like wait a
minute what the [ __ ] you've gone off of
Human Rights like that should make
people freak out
you know that should make them [ __ ]
start warming up the lamp posts but no
we are we are far far too docile uh this
marks a radical departure from back in
2011 when the Obama Administration
rallied democracies around the world and
spearheaded
a pivotal Human Rights Council
resolution to Halt the oic's
long-standing efforts to
internationalize blasphemy laws the 2011
resolution advocated education and
counter-speech against religious
intolerance asserting the protection of
people not ideologies under human rights
law that accounts for the penalization
of incitement to imminent violence based
on the legend or belief underlining that
Free Speech restrictions should Shield
individuals from tangible harm not
defend abstract religious ideas from
criticism or mockery however offensive
which is very true as the in Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton said the
resolution was a step to overcome the
false divide that pets religious
sensitivities against freedom of
expression I'm not about to listen to
Hillary Clinton on human rights uh well
this shut up and go away well there's
broader International perspective as
critical it is also important to
consider the domestic implications of
the laws Denmark and Sweden have on the
table the Danish government's proposed
legal remedy against insulting other
countries doesn't only threaten to
restrict criticism of Islam in fact
Danish Muslims protect protesting U.S or
Israeli foreign policy or the mass
internment of ugar Muslims in China
could end up on the wrong side of the
law after protect if they protest in
ways deemed insulting to the U.S Israel
or China and detrimental to the broad
and nebulous concept of Danish interests
moreover the Danish and Swedish
government's misgated attempt to Foster
tolerance through censorship could
inadvertently exacerbate social
divisions within their own borders
hard-nosed critics of Islam and Muslim
immigration frequently argue that Islam
is incompatible with democracy and
freedom painting Muslims as a fifth
column I mean it literally is those are
the tenets and the basic fundamentals of
Islam absolute authoritarian control and
absolute subservience to Allah
that's it literally is incompatible
like I mean even when enough in
Afghanistan where we try to make
democracy yeah how did that work out
Iraq how did that work out Libya how did
that work out right none of them [ __ ]
walked out all of the Muslim countries
none of them are democratic right or
America tried and [ __ ] failed really
badly right because that isn't how Islam
works so when Aslam comes over to Europe
that's just what happens because that's
what Islam is
the external pressure from Islamic
States coupled with support for
restrictive measures among some Danish
Muslims at risk emboldening these
divisive narratives this stands to harm
the mainly Scandinavian Muslims who
appreciate the freedoms and the quality
that Denmark and Sweden offer I mean if
you want the truth Freedom then drop the
religion and which sets these countries
apart from the muslim-majority states of
the OIC free speech is a difficult
principle to uphold consistently no it's
not you're stupid uh government
governments incred and citizens of
democracies alike are frequently tempted
to sacrifice this principle when faced
with threats or diverse consequences of
unpopular or extremist speech but one
only has to compare the vibrant
democracies of Denmark and Sweden to the
authoritarian regimes of Iran and Saudi
Arabia to realize that for all of its
flaws Free Speech makes the world more
tolerant Democratic equal and free
Denmark and Sweden's deflects defection
from this core liberal principle is a
dark day in the global fight for freedom
of speech
tell them to [ __ ] off tell them this is
the way we run things here your Saudi
Arabia your Pakistan [ __ ] do whatever
you want with your own countries but
this isn't how we do things here right
we have these things called human rights
here even though the governments are
trying to get rid of all of those as
well right it's a case of not your
country not your rules
suck a dick