[Music]
Bud Light has suffered a Monumental Fall
From Grace
this follows backlash from the Dylan
Mulvaney Saga earlier this year
Bud Light was once America's favorite
beer but after its woke Rebrand sales
fell 25.7 percent profit dropped over 30
percent and its ranking has plummeted
from number one to number four as well
as suffering irreversible reputational
damage
with the bottom line being affected
management is in crisis mode
aggressively changing course and
releasing new marketing material that
gets back to their Great American roots
but has the damage already been done
will American Beer Drinkers see this as
a desperate attempt to claw back
Financial losses or will they forgive
and forget
Sky News All-Stars Megan Kelly Rowan
Dean and Paul Murray take a look
[Music]
foreign
made a huge mistake in appointing trans
activist Dylan Mulvaney to be their
Ambassador in April of this year and
since then things have gone from bad to
worse for the company this follows the
latest update on Bud Lights with an
anhauser Bush reportedly the parent
company losing
27 billion dollars in market value
thanks to its attempt to force
transgender ideology onto America's beer
drinking men and women and what's worse
they've alienated their fiercely loyal
customer base
I'm a firm believer that you the
individual have some autonomy in this
game and when people say okay that
company you know they've gone woke
they're promoting trans ideology or
whatever it might be in this case it was
because of this influencer Dylan
Mulvaney who supposedly is trans or
whatever it might be it's like okay you
don't like your own audience you don't
like the Frat guys who drink Bud Light
we're just not going to drink it anymore
and Bud Light I mean they really
destroyed the brand and I'm telling you
man this one's gonna stick it's
embarrassing uh to go and you know get
Bud Light at a bar or at a party or
wherever anymore once the financial
losses started to hit the company
distanced themselves from the people
behind the Dylan Mulvaney stunt now we
know what happened at Bud Light when
they endorsed the transgender tick
tocker Dylan malvaney as a little
reminder this is what the vice president
of marketing said at the time about why
they sponsored Dylan
and representation is it sort of the
heart of evolution you've got to see
people who reflect
or can we have the
Bud Light had been kind of a brand of
bratty kind of out of touch humor and it
was really important that we had another
approach
well two people from Bud light's parent
company and who's a bush are the
marketing department specifically have
now gone on leave after all of this what
a surprise who would have thought this
would blow up in their face losing
billions of dollars is exhausting I've
got to go on Lee hopefully the message
is now getting through no do these
things it won't work the disaster that
is the performance artist of Dylan
Mulvaney we now learn that there's more
problems not just for Bud Light who
people are not buying they're not going
back to it they have found the
Alternatives when it comes to their beer
of choice but the Ad Agency responsible
for uh well further empowering the
performance artist is in even more
trouble now
the reports are that they are in an
all-out panic and why wouldn't they be
they've made a legendary mistake they
now have made this brand rather than
more sellable they have made it a
laughing stock to be caught with a can
of Bud Light in America now is like
being caught with your pants down you
look like a fool everyone will laugh at
you you're not in on the joke you've
made yourself a national humiliation
just by selecting the wrong beer can and
for those who have been living under a
rock and haven't yet been told what's
happened to that brand and what it Al
means they're about to find out the hard
way it's going they're going to be the
butt of a lot of jokes just by ordering
a beer that used to be symbolic of
Middle America management then released
a series of ads clearly attempting to
distract from The Saga woke Bud Light
has now tried to clean up its Act
you're not gonna believe this one
in the most cynical move I've seen since
Hillary Clinton claimed she never left
home without a bottle of Tabasco in her
purse
Bud Light is now trying to hide behind
veterans and the flag that's right
they're running a special limited
edition Bud Light featuring a very
worthwhile charity folds of Honor which
helps give scholarships to family
members of wounded obsessed veterans
but as if to underline the point their
aluminum bottles will also now feature
sport hunting camouflage
in other words Bud Light is pandering to
the very people they hate but who they
need to buy their beer but it didn't
work an experiment that gave away
freebie didn't even entice drinkers as
they were so embarrassed to be with a
Bud Light in hand
[Music]
it's 6 45
experiment here there appear to be three
different types of beer in this cooler
Franklin Tennessee
Yingling
[Music]
Ultra oh yeah and fun life
[Music]
the only beer left
that
the West Fest
VIP whatever you want to call it event
Bud Light not ideal and it's not only
conservatives that are abandoning Bud
Light the lgbtqia plus Community are
also furious with the brand meanwhile
proving that once you start making
people angry it's pretty hard to stop
the progressive left gay community is
now furious at Bud for trying to claw
back its rapidly disappearing customer
base
this headline Bud Light tries to appease
fragile bigots with camouflage redesign
amid Dylan Mulvaney Rao in the
Progressive gaysite Peak news.com pretty
much says it all to despite all the
money in publicity Bud Light gave her
Dylan Mulvaney is
Dylan Movin is actually mad at Bud Light
Dylan Mulvaney has ruined Bud Light uh
through this partnership and look it
wasn't Dylan's responsibility to see the
harm coming but once it did come Dylan
should have been thankful that Bud Light
did not kick Dylan underneath the bus
kick Dylan under and then run the bus
back and forward over Dylan that's not
what they did they just went silent
Dylan should be thanking them for that
that's that's I mean my side of this
issue I presume your side of this issue
wanted Bud Light to come out and say we
are sorry we're sorry we partnered with
Dylan we've misjudged our audience at
the same time we were calling them too
fratty we partnered with not just a
trans person that's one thing but one of
the most offensive trans people we've
seen on the public eye and Bud light's
latest attempt to win back their
customers has again Fallen flat despite
being anti-woke with commentators
calling the new ad campaign desperate
and cringy Caroline Bud Light can they
Salvage the situation they got
themselves into oh I am not too sure so
Bud Light have gone with oh well let's
try a new approach since the last
approach went absolutely horrifically
wrong so they've got Kansas Chief star
Travis Kelsey to do an ad for them it's
been described as desperate I would
describe it as desperate and cringy here
it is
oh
[Music]
not going to fix it not going to fix it
and in fact this is all the only way to
describe the landscape Sky News All-Star
Megan Kelly agrees slamming Bud Light
for their latest attempt to woo back
customers Bud Light has lower sales than
they've had it's they've lost 50 of
their sales year over year per 50
and they still don't know how to solve
it they put out a commercial of a bunch
of guys grunting when they sit down in
their chairs so now there's something
that we're saying like we understand we
love the Freddy men this is what they're
like
um Yes again no man I know is that way
this is not gonna woo anybody back in
your Camp they can't figure out how to
stop the bleeding even the air to Bud
light's parent company and Hauser bush
is embarrassed by the entire Saga and
cleanup attempt now the backlash was
extraordinary but it seems to not just
be loyal consumers of the beer that
aren't happy because the heir to the
anhauser Bushfire family being the
parent company of Bud Light has given a
pretty scathing stain with TMZ Billy
Bush joined TMZ live podcast with Harvey
Levin and weighed in on all the scandals
surrounding the failed marketing attempt
he said I think my family my ancestors
would ah rolling over in their graves
they were very patriotic they loved this
country and what it stood for they'd
love this country because it's a free
country and people are allowed to do
what they want but it was never meant to
be on a beer can and never meant to be
pushed in people's faces so they would
have they would have never marketed
their brands that way as you know a b
was one of the greatest marketers ever
in any business and they were incredible
with what they came out with the
Clydesdales the frogs the lizards all
the different promotions they had all
the different advertising they had and
the last thing they would have done was
get as controversial as inbev has with
Dylan Mulvaney advertising despite the
damage control finances are still
looking Grim Bud Light will need to play
a long game of reputational
Rehabilitation if they're ever going to
reclaim the title of America's favorite
beer