here's the deal you guys are all bro
megalole ke you're broke you're all
broke as a joke and you always rely on
me to make you money you're always like
asking me oh how do I trip what stock
should I trade oh what did you do there
and then you asked marketing money hey
which job should I get you're always
asking me things to make you money all
right at the end of the day you are
using me as a conduit to try and find
some way to get money and so I figured I
would go out into the world and I would
find actual ways for you to make
infinite money what's a way without
doing a boring ass nine-to-five job for
you to make a whole bunch of money quick
that's why I'm calling this segment
infinite money glitch because I found
one if you have an Amazon Alexa or Echo
dot put it near your speaker right now
Alexa play The Poop Song
I found an infinite money glitch which
is apparently musicians figured out that
children Across America constantly tell
Alexa to play The Poop Song and so they
have started making songs called poopy
butt poopy stupid butt stupid Roblox
butt poopy Lego butt is any title with
poop in it or stupidin or a thing the
kid says and they are making tens of
thousands hundreds of thousand dollars a
month from Amazon music as these songs
get played over and over and over again
as an example here are two of the songs
[Music]
[Applause]
around me
this song
[Music]
is making racks these people are putting
out Mad Lib style poop based songs with
no effort and a basic video and just
making tons of money off Alexa alone
[Music]
sorry why is the African-American baby
holding a [ __ ] beer and a cigarette
excuse me who animated this video Mike
bellenberg this guy has this video out
since 2014. he's interviewed in it and
he basically says like it made basically
no money for the longest time and then
as Echo dot started to get popular and
especially after the pandemic he started
to see his revenue from Amazon music
Spike the word poop translates into
streaming gold this is a more artsy one
okay it's called poopy stupid butt and
this one's an actual Banger that's been
making big money
poopy stupid but
the Legos are sitting on the potty
doing construction
underwear the Legos a ball being naughty
notice the inclusion of the word Legos
to hit more SEO okay poopy stupid butt
Legos get what the kids are thinking
about and scream those words and they'll
play it over and over and over and you
get a cut every time
Bagels in the pants and the diapers are
all insane oh stop pooping on the floor
poopy stupid butt this has been streamed
10 million times on Amazon music
that's the exact number 10 million times
this guy's making 10K a month
[Music]
additionally there is some competition
in this face so this is the one of the
biggest ones but there's a guy named
Matt Farley Matt Farley has recorded
over 23
000 songs that are short and include
phrases and names that people might
search for on Alexa pretty much all for
kids his [ __ ] band is called the
toilet bowl cleaners
and it records one minute songs like I
poop with my dog I poop with my dog in
the backyard we squat on all fours and
we push real hard
[Music]
my little doggy is my best friend we do
everything together even poop from our
rear ends
now pause it think of that capture that
chorus in your mind and I want to give
you an actual quote from this guy this
is an actual quote I absolutely don't
want to put this song in the same bucket
as the Beatles
but I do think that we wanted to put a
stamp of good worksmanship on this
laughs
I'm sorry I'm sorry that song is not
about pooping my dog though that is
about poop poop poop song a different
song so let's find that
[Music]
it don't look tasty to me but flies say
Yum Yum Yum
feel the anger
the raw Human Experience
[Music]
some synonyms for poop include crap and
turd poop is usually brown but sometimes
it's green or black that's got a million
views on YouTube at 8 million views on
Amazon music eighty percent of his
earnings and again the title is poop
poop song the only way to beat it would
be to add another poop a fifth poop if
you will and try to even up the amount
of poop you're talking about to see if
you could maybe attract kids that are
looking for that that extra Rush extra
amount of funny basically I've given you
guys a really great way to make money
this other guy my Mike billenberg who
started making poopy diaper and stuff
like that has only made three thousand
dollars from this but the song only got
played a few hundred times and it's all
from Amazon music so what I'm saying is
even a small hit that happens to have
poop in the title is guaranteed to make
a few hundred bucks for almost no work
so I've made you guys some real [ __ ]
gold here today and I figured we could
end this by trying to write a song and
I'm thinking we need to say Roblox we
need to say skippity toilet poop
obviously poop's a classic you don't get
rid of poop Minecraft maybe just for
example if I were to strum on my very
tuned ukulele and drop a song about
Roblox poop
fortnite poop you put that together okay
someone add a chorus to that and I think
we've got Coco melon poop you take that
all right and you you put that together
I think we gotta hit I think we have a
[ __ ] Banger that makes us real money
hard currency on Amazon music let me see
if Chachi PT could do it write me a song
for babies and very young children that
ask for common phrases from their Amazon
Alexa like poop Roblox but dog
Etc no this is terrible
wow human writers know you're replaced
they call it the Amazon Alexa Babel song
No kid's gonna say that play the Alexa
battle song that's stupid ABCD were as
silly as can be saying words to our
friend Alexa it's quite funny we say
poop we say dog it's really silly jog
join us as we Babble on sing our little
song poop and Roblox dogs and Ducks
Alexa hears when we say but stupid
things may make us giggle in our baby
world it's no Riddle okay the chorus
kind of bangs the chorus has some
potential the verses are terrible poop
in Roblox dogs and Ducks Alexa hears
when we say butt a kid's gonna laugh at
that chorus ate and left no crumbs
[Laughter]
Alexa play some Roblox hear the laughter
from the blocks from our mouths the
words are coming silly baby talk we say
stupid we say but our words are anything
but cut Alexa's listening all day long
to our silly baby song this is like deep
this is like about corporate
surveillance State really it's a work in
progress hey every one of these verses
is terrible please rewrite them all but
the chorus is good wow it's awful it's
awful again our language Debonair you
are clearly not understanding so let me
explain it like I would a child this
song has an audience of very young
children words like Debonair will not
fly kapif rewrite every verse and the
title and please for Christ's sakes
include the word poop way more sorry I
yelled I'm just is frustrated because
there's a lot of money at stage here so
let's play let's talk let's who with
Alexa and a big poop to boot you trying
Alexa play Roblox we cheer we say poop
oh dear oh dear dogs and butts they're
part of the fun our baby words are never
done it doesn't even have to rhyme it
just needs to be good verse two is
amazing verse one talking squawk I'm not
loving it I don't think AI is there yet
is what I'm trying to say that's why we
need writers that's why the writer
strike has to hold firm only a human
being can make the right combination of
poop just get rid of the verses the
babies won't care I guess
wait you're right just play the chorus 8
the song you've actually solved it wait
I've even got a better idea I figured it
out wait let me cook this is the song
this is the song cut it down to its core
get what we really like and give us more
of that we've done it
that is a banger cut print we got it
again
important DM from pay the musician
normally I wouldn't stop streaming but
for pay then Roblox dogs and dogs
are here's one
one stupid the things
[Music]
stupid things
it's no Riddle
that's a heater bro that's gonna get 10
million plays not because of babies
because grown adults want to hear that
all right we got to put that on Amazon
music we're gonna make some money what
does he need me for I was a chat gbt
Written song that he recorded but I feel
like I sort of executive produced it in
a way I'm sort of like the scooter Brawn
to Taylor Swift's albums I deserve a cut
of her first six albums despite not
doing anything and buying them later I
hope you actually upload it and we can
see if we can get that way you can get
money on even even making 100 bucks off
that would be so funny all right back to
the show
[Music]
thank you