hi minesville I like talking about
politics and in this video I'd like to
take a look at some of the more
interesting features of the latest
polling this week including on the
success of the Tories latest culture
wars as well as the results showing that
rishi's sonak is actually more popular
when he's hiding away in Disneyland than
in the country talking to the public but
first if you'd like to be notified of
daily news and politics please subscribe
to the channel so I'm going to be
picking out a few features from the
polls this last week from both yougov
and omnisces one interesting result is
that Sonic seems to have boosted his
approval rating as prime minister by
three points well I'm sure you'll be
pleased with that that's good isn't it
only the field work was done yesterday
and the day before so it's really up to
date right and it's like you think but
he's been on holiday in America with his
family this week
so he hasn't been making any public
statements so his his approval rating
has gone up three points it's really
good for him
when he hasn't been saying anything
so this poll would suggest that he's
more popular when he's out of the
country
not opening his mouth
then in Downey Street talking to the
public
I don't think this bodes well for him
when he comes back and starts talking
again does it I'm not sure I'd ever
really considered the concept before but
if there was ever a case of a politician
seeing their approval rating improve
and it not be a good thing well this is
it I mean seriously be absolutely
hilarious if if it goes back down after
his next public statement
still although Sonic was on holiday he
had left the political narrative in the
capable hands of Lee Anderson sweller
Braven and Robert generic so how did
that go
wow omnisces now have Labor two points
further ahead of the Tories compared
with when Sonic was last in the country
yeah I don't think it's going well for
them I although Asylum had captured the
headlines this week it's worth pointing
out Sonic had been spending the time
since the recent Westminster
by-elections focusing on environmental
policies
uh you know I thought at the time is
this wise
but let's have a look at how that's
going so in omnisces again they've been
asking about that 62 percent of the
public say they would most trust labor
to protect and improve the environment
to 38 saying the conservatives
purely between the two of course I mean
there will be some who think other
parties would be better but in terms of
the two who can realistically form a
government
nonetheless those results are really odd
I mean you can look at the 38 for the
conservatives to go well you know
they're clearly uh you know it's clear
that I'm only a minority trust them and
the majority would much more trust labor
but it's still an odd statistic
given that this pollster has the
conservatives on 24 of the vote
it's remarkable to think that must mean
there's 14 of people who won't vote
conservative but they trust them on
environmental matters more than labor
you know as if oh yeah the Tories are
absolutely great for the environment or
why won't you vote for them then oh no
it's just everything else they're bad at
oh but on the environment they're great
people are funny bunnies at times but
nonetheless not a great Beast for the
Tories green credentials and just to
hammer the point home the poll asked
people what they thought the UK should
focus on in terms of energy security see
the Tories are trying to say oh no for
energy security we need we need to we
need more oil more oil you see
well only 10 of the public think new oil
only 12 think oil of any kind solar wind
even nuclear considered way more
important than oil
and it's really this simple every time I
see a poll which touches on the subject
of people's attitudes to energy on the
environment and they always come at it
from different angles but no matter how
many times you look at a pole no matter
how they phrase it it shows that the
anti-net zero crowd simply are not in
tune with the public
that Sonic although he's not explicitly
arguing against Net Zero he insists he's
fully committed to Net Zero but he's
nonetheless pursuing policies which are
clearly working against it that is a
huge strategic error
in fact although he tried to conflate
you less with environmental matters he
was also attempting to make car use a
wedge issue for the next election oh it
works in Oxbridge and it's like well it
sort of works in a binary sense in that
you retain the sea but your your
majority was cut down to 500 so it's
quite you know
how can we use this nationally right
we'll make car use a wedge issue so
how's that going well
I've not seen specific polls on this
which is a shame I'd really like to but
we can infer some things from General
attitudes so on yougov they have a
Tracker which looks most important uh
issues policy areas it gets updated
quite regularly it was updated last week
so it's up to date
um and we can see you know when a
political party is trying to make a
particular policy a big thing we can see
if there's any sort of change in this
polling that
is is a sort of clumsy way of allowing
to see if there's any cut through to
voters
if they're re-prioritizing policies
right now since the by-elections there
has been a jump up in priority for the
environment amongst voters in general
now this thing does tend to go up and
down quite a bit but it's gone up since
the Tories have tried to focus attention
on it so okay but this could be good or
bad for the conservatives because people
who think that Environmental Policy is
important can either be Pro or
anti-environment
you know in terms of conservative voters
compared to labor voters the jump was
much smaller amongst conservatives than
labor it was also at a much lower
overall level so it's not looking like
the sort of policy area where Sonic
should really be focusing his efforts
you know when we talk about conservative
voters in these polls it means 2019
conservative voters so that includes the
chunk that labor wants to at the next
election either vote for them
or stay at home
and but he was
Sonic was also very much linking it with
car uses particularly focusing on car
use motorists
so then you think so okay well that
would feed into transport policy so has
there been a corresponding jump in the
priority of Transport policies then
no corresponding jump at all amongst
conservative voters thinking that
transport is suddenly a more important
policy issue and it's an incredibly low
level of priority like only two percent
of conservative voters think it's an
important issue
and you think to yourself oh you know so
even amongst conservative voters the
voters that Sonic's chasing because
remember Sonic doesn't need to appeal to
new voters he just needs to retain as
many of the 2019 voters as you can
almost every other policy area is
considered more important than the
environment and as far as I can tell
absolutely every other policy area is
considered at all above and much above
um importance with transport policy you
know it's the economy Healthcare and
immigration they're the ones considered
important amongst conservative voters
and remember that when people are
deciding how to use their vote in a
general election they only get one tick
or cross whatever is your poison they
can't use a vote for each policy area so
even if Sonic persuaded most of the
country that he was right on
environmental and transport issues which
by the way doesn't look like he is
persuading of that but let's say he did
it doesn't actually win him many votes
if people are prioritizing other policy
areas it's like you know there could be
hello to people going to the police
station going I wish I agree with Mr
sunak on his transport policies but I
actually think there's more important
things so I'm going to vote labor or lib
Dem or SMP or whoever
you know I would suggest the only
important policy area to his Target
voters that he is pushing is immigration
and the news on that front's not really
good for him
a bit of a double-edged sword really
when they pushed that I always think
they're they're tempting Faith because
whenever he ramps up the rhetoric on
immigration or one of his ministers does
especially Asylum mostly when you when
you notice they really focus on Asylum
which is a tiny proportion of overall
immigration tiny
but people do start to think the issue
is more important it works they get
people to think oh yeah he's more
important
but the news is always that a failure
and remember that even his Deputy chair
said that the government had failed on
immigration on TV this week
so it's more likely to push those voters
to support someone else than to persuade
them to vote conservative the
conservatives are persuading them that
it's important policy area but they're
not persuading them that they're the
right party to deal with it
this is backfiring in fact the economy
Healthcare and immigration they are the
top three policy areas for those 2019
conservative voters and with the public
strongly of the view that the government
are doing poorly in all three areas I'm
not sure that Sonic has been well
advised in putting all of this effort
into focusing on a much lower priority
policy area where the public also think
he's doing badly on it
so if I take a look at all the data I
have available I'm really not seeing any
signs of danger that Sonic is making
Headway with his latest pivot and I said
recently like sometime this Autumn it
wouldn't surprise me if he if he decides
to have another reset and change
strategy yet again
this is already his third strategy he
hasn't even been prime minister for a
year yet the first was his five pledges
at the start of the year when he became
prime minister he monkeyed about for a
couple of months then at the start of
the year it's right right this is what
we're going to do my five pledges
then that started to do very badly so
then the second was his push for the UK
to become this new technology Powerhouse
we're going to turn Cambridge into the
new Silicon Valley
that sort of fizzled out again there was
something in the news last week but
mostly the news is yeah the problem is
that your your
um you're not letting us build this
super technology Hub because you're not
letting us build the houses we need for
example so that's fizzled out the third
was the focus on motoring a new oil
apart from anything else it just looks
chaotic and every time you change your
strategy and it's like if you're
pursuing a wrong strategy yes you should
change it but shouldn't you put more
effort into making sure it's the right
strategy he's just reacting it's very
reactive there's no thought in it and
every time you change a strategy it just
looks it makes it look more obvious to
more and more of the public that he
hasn't got a long-term plan because he
keeps changing the plan every few months
and it's like I say it's not like he's
picking the right strategies either it's
not like he's going to a better strategy
it's just a different one where he's
also failing so he's in the next six
months he's either going to be forced to
look chaotic and adopt a new strategy
for a fourth time
or stick with a provably bad one and
look incompetent
of course it is possible to look both
chaotic and incompetent but I can't
imagine his MPS will be happy with that
look they are already facing the reality
that they will lose half their seats I
think they'd rather not lose two-thirds
of them
but there we are those are my thoughts
let me know yours in the comments below
hope you found the video interesting if
you did please click the like button and
if you'd like to support the channel
further the join button for memberships
and until next time I'll see you later