ever since the channel hijack I have
been inundated with Facebook ads for the
fix me stick they claim it will remove
viruses clean my computer and even get
my windows running like new all in about
20 minutes those are some pretty bold
claims but their company got offers from
all four of the investors on the
Canadian version of Shark Tank back in
2014. they're sold on the shopping
channel and they're still around nearly
10 years later they must be doing
something right how is it that I've
never heard of them then inundating
Facebook ads they're sold on the
shopping channel right this thing ain't
aimed at me or you they're targeting our
parents our aunts and our friends who
keep asking for help tracking down the
elusive any key but that doesn't
necessarily mean that it's bad maybe
it's a great option for those of us who
are techy enough to fix our family's
computers but would rather that they
just buy this and leave us alone so we
and play video games to find out we
bought one actually we bought three and
I think you're going to be surprised to
learn exactly what they do and what they
don't do for example none of them were
capable of making this Segway to our
sponsor build Redux with build Redux you
can dominate your favorite games with
the perfect PC for you using simple to
navigate customization options all at a
price that's competitive with building
it yourself check them out at the link
down below
hey there it is in a nutshell the fix me
stick is a bootable virus removal device
that's designed to find and remove any
malware that's managed to slip past your
PC's defenses which is not as rare as
you might think half a million New
pieces of malware are discovered daily
and the makers of the FixMeStick claim
that it finds malware on more than 80
percent of the computer scanned even
though virtually all of them were
already running some other form of
antivirus their main value is the
user-friendly interface that they've
wrapped around a bootable Linux image
that needs almost no input from the user
you just boot from the stick accept the
license and the FixMeStick will
automatically connect to the internet
ask you to register which you can Skip
by the way check for updates load up not
one not two but three antivirus engines
Avira sofos and McAfee and then get
right to scanning with all three of them
at the same time while that's running I
guess I should tell you about our test
system we took one part Windows 10 test
bench and added a few dozen drops of
threats you'd expect any decent
antivirus engine to flag you know
various forms of the icar anti-malware
tests along with some very real though
relatively harmless malware not a huge
challenge but definitely enough to prove
that each of those three antivirus
engines is actually doing something as
advertised about 20 minutes later the
scans were done and the FixMeStick was
asking for input the default action is
to remove all malware found but you can
also pick what happens with each flagged
file in our not terribly scientific
testing the FixMeStick caught more than
90 of our threat files with the majority
spotted by all three engines but with
that said Each one engine did miss
things that were caught by at least one
of the others which I guess answers the
question of why does it need to run all
three we also tested the FixMeStick
against a medi-cat USB stick to see if a
the FixMeStick would scan removable
media at all and B to see if it would
flag useful tools as malware as expected
we did get false positives on some of
our system utilities but this did show
us that yes removable media is
automatically scanned alongside your
operating system Drive in fact by
default FixMeStick scans all files on
all partitions whether they're on
removable drives or not you can change
that behavior and some other basic
options on the settings screen where you
can also remove items from quarantine
and even subject yourself to some
targeted marketing if you're into that
sort of thing this smooth experience
doesn't come for free though one year's
use of FixMeStick on up to three PCS is
going to set you back 80 US Dollars
whereas two years on five PCS is thirty
dollars more for a total of a hundred
and ten dollars that is not an
insignificant amount however you're not
necessarily stuck paying that much it
can often be found cheaper in your local
Big Box store and they have a 30-day
trial that will set you back just twenty
dollars if you pretty much just want to
use it once however I have a Siri
biggest problem with their marketing of
that trial price they pretend to give
you a special deal when you click
through an ad then at the same time they
just plainly state that the 20 trial is
available on various Pages all over
their website I also don't think that
the FixMeStick in general quite lives up
to their marketing claims most of their
ads seem to make a big deal about
speeding up slow systems and eliminating
crashes and freezing while FixMeStick
can do those things if the problems are
being caused by malware it can't do
anything to clean up a full drive repair
broken windows files or sort out
misconfigured settings this is isn't a
technician on a stick it's just an
antivirus tool as many of you I know are
probably dying
to contribute right now you can make one
of these on your own for free there are
plenty of bootable anti-malware tools
out there that you can just slap onto
your USB stick and run insert disclaimer
about us not having validated their
efficacy so your mileage may vary but
the main issue with all of them for Joe
or for Jill average is that they're just
not as polished as this and they're not
as fast you will likely need to manually
update your virus definitions before you
run a scan and the scan itself takes
longer too then when it's done you're
gonna have to run more tools to catch
whatever's been missed for me or for you
that's no big deal but for many people
time is money and tinkering with
computers isn't something that they do
for pleasure which is why I guess
FixMeStick has found a market it's not
cheap but it does cost less than a visit
to the local computer shop for virus
removal and having something that you
can just hand to Aunt Susie that's gonna
just work on a simple infection could be
worth it for her she might even be so
grateful she gets you a new pcmr hoodie
from lttstore.com where FixMeStick
really offers bang for the buck though
is the back me up Edition twenty dollars
more gets you a 64 gig USB stick that
also automatically backs up files from
the users folder of your system drive
after scanning them giving you at least
a little bit of protection if you later
get hit with something that the fix me
stick cannot resolve something like a
ransomware attack this may actually be
the simplest method that we've seen for
making a backup for an average user's PC
by default it backs up pretty much
everything that a casual user might be
storing though we did notice some
glaring emissions like photoshop's PSD
format so if you're beyond a casual user
or if you need more than 64 gigs of
storage you might want to tweak the
settings to include other extensions or
to Target additional folders by that
point you might as well pick up a larger
external drive and then just use the
only slightly more complicated tools
that are built right into Windows or Mac
OS we also looked at their start me
stick and to many of you this is going
to look like a pretty old idea a simple
bootable operating system that just
works on any old hardware for the folks
buying fixmesticks though this might as
well be magic now grandpa can get on
Facebook and check his email with things
feeling nice and Zippy with a
lightweight operating system and a
modern browser he can even use it on any
PC so he can take it with him when he
travels but there are some problems for
one thing it's a read-only system which
means you can't screw up the OS by
downloading something nasty but on the
other hand it means that any new
bookmarks or files are going to Simply
vanish on reboot and it doesn't give the
user any indication that that's going to
happen as you're using it it looks like
it's done what you've told it to do your
downloads and your bookmarks hang out in
temporary storage while the OS is
running but unless you add a separate
external drive for storage and sign into
a Google account for your bookmarks all
of it will disappear even worse is the
fact that this means it cannot update
itself for updates you have to boot into
Windows run the updater for your start
me stick then boot back into your live
OS convenient the second big issue is
that it's 80 and it expires if your
subscription expires
why anybody watching this no this one
really is easy could Google something
like persistent live USB and follow a
guide or or just download Rufus and drag
the slider to the right to create a
similar bootable USB stick and that one
would even let Grandpa save files in his
home drive all for the cost of a USB
stick and anywhere from 10 minutes to a
couple hours of time and it would never
cost you anything for updates or I mean
if you just wanted to skip all of that
you could just put a simple Linux
install on the system's hard drive in
the first place improving Grandpa's
performance without the need for
unreliable USB boot media
so then fix me 6 product line is
something of a mixed bag a bootable
antivirus that's simple enough for
almost anyone to use is actually useful
and when paired with automatic backups
it might even be something that I would
recommend to the less tech savvy user
but then at the same time the pricing is
pretty spicy their marketing ranges from
optimistic to downright unacceptable and
whatever they might say these tools
aren't and never will be a replacement
for a competent technician they're also
not a replacement for our sponsor Micro
Center they've renamed August to build
your own month in honor of the dozens of
amazing new discounts on their site not
sure if they have the legal right to do
that but here we are new customers can
get 25 off their purchase of a hundred
dollars or more in store and if you
submit any custom build to their build
showcase you can get an additional 25
bucks off coupon upon approval wow if
you're new to PC Building Micro Center's
professional staff can help you pick
your parts and even build your PC all
within your ideal budget now you might
look around and think uh oh I don't see
any micro Centers near me but that might
change their Indianapolis store just
opened they have a new Charlotte
location opening early 2024 and two more
stores are in the works so check out
Micro Center this build your own month
and get a sneak peek at their new
Charlotte location at the links below
I'm gonna miss saying August if you
enjoyed this video you might be
interested in the video we did a couple
years back testing how antivirus
programs impact your system performance
you can find that at the link down below