in Los Angeles County an upscale
Nordstrom gets cleared out of everything
but their job applications
[Music]
[Music]
as these youths are so comfortable
committing felonies some aren't even
wearing masks
[Music]
go go
look at this man he got the whole Louis
coot suitcase set oh my god look at wait
he left the wires down first go grab it
go get me that YSL purse which is pretty
sad when people actually go into the
mall to shop are feeling like suckers
for subsidizing this unemployed Behavior
by actually buying these expensive bags
and even joke about partaking in the
grab they need to feed their child and
they don't have money so you maybe have
to you're they're put in a position
where they feel like they either need to
shoplift some bread or go hungry that
night
because some bread just looks like
hundreds of thousands of designer
clothing and purses and I'm willing to
bet this was five to ten times more than
they're actually reporting now the
insane part is this Nordstrom actually
had an armed guard but he was Bare maced
at the door which is exactly what
happened in the exact same spot just
over a year ago so no wonder the
security guard that got sent afterwards
doesn't look too enthused to be the next
human sacrifice in the name of
preventing absolutely nothing
now the 2021 pair maze robbery had LAPD
stating that they were still searching
for the suspects which is pretty much
the exact same thing they're stating now
but LAPD doesn't seem to have the best
control of this same Topanga Mall
ready
now I don't like anything I'm seeing
here but I somewhat understand why these
cappers are afraid to do anything best
case scenario is they protect and serve
the LA citizens that hate them and vote
to defund them until LAPD is put on EBT
worst case scenario is someone breaking
the law gets injured during their arrest
they hit the LAPD Lottery and get a fat
taxpayer payout and the arresting
officers go to prison so no wonder
another Nordstrom location in Los
Angeles got casually cleared out just
weeks ago
and months ago another Nordstrom in
California also got hundreds of
thousands of dollars of handbags taken
as a company just closed multiple
locations in San Francisco but they're
not the only ones as a fancy Eve Saint
Laurent store and none other than Los
Angeles County just got hit for over
three hundred thousand dollars in purses
weeks ago but it sounds like people have
fed up as local news stations reach out
to get rights to the video and people
reply yes but only if you mention
defunding the police so this is where
Los Angeles and California residents in
general are now we're sick and tired of
paying First World prices for third
world living the only problem being is
yes we can vote our way out of it but
it's really hard to change the minds of
harvested ballots because while our
streets look like this and our stores
look like this our Governors preoccupied
with making sure the kids have access to
a book because it includes a man that
did unspeakable things the kid kids but
he's a Democrat so they look the other
way so I don't think that all hope is
lost because I do believe people see and
share this abundance of
liberal values and it will actually
shift the culture back to common sense
but you want to know the worst part
about that Nordstrom robbery yesterday
is this all happened in front of LAPD
so if you appreciate my concise slide
out a commentary on what's really going
on in the world hopefully I've earned
your subscription then go check out the
video on how some Vigilantes are
building the petty theft to pinata
pipeline
thank you