Samsung has titillated us with the
mention of the industry's first
256 terabyte solid-state drive to put
that amount of storage in perspective
you could fit nearly half of the average
steam library on there and you know
and not even half of those are played
I'm Riley Murdoch this is techlinked and
this technological teas occurred during
the flash memory Summit not to be
confused with the flash bulb memory
Summit where thousands gathered to
discuss the horribly traumatic things
they've seen Samsung said very little
about the upcoming SSD but did mention
that the drive uses seven times less
energy than if you were to combine eight
32 terabyte drives to get the same level
of storage now to put that in
perspective imagine pinning eight evil
Kevin Hart clones versus one Dwayne
Johnson and then you realize that's
probably the premise for a movie being
made right now in a jungle it's in a
jungle there's a lot of ad-libs
it won't do well Samsung also showcased
their new PBS SD architecture a petabyte
scale ultra high capacity solution that
allows capacity changes based on context
and automatically asks for more Public
Funding for mainstream consumers the
company unveiled their New pcie Gen 5
SSD that will offer capacities of up to
nearly 31 terabytes and features
sequential read bandwidth of 16
gigabytes per second more than enough to
download eight hearts one Johnson the
minute it releases multiple new
vulnerabilities have been identified in
both Intel and AMD processors with fun
names like Inception downfall and Zen
bleed continuing to prove that security
researchers would have started a death
metal band if their parents didn't make
them go to security school you're going
to discover software exploits just like
your father unsurprisingly all three of
the attacks exploit the speculative
execution feature used in modern CPUs
which researchers have been using as an
excuse to come up with cool names and
logo goes for their vulnerabilities
since the original meltdown and Specter
popped off in 2018. these all do sound
like James Bond films featuring Adele
The Adventures of James Bond and Adele
the attacks have been designated medium
severity partially because attackers
would need physical access to the Target
PC but together they could Target a wide
swath of chips currently in use downfall
affects Intel's 6th to 11th gen CPUs Zen
bleed affects the ryzen 3000 to 5000
series thread dripper 3000 and epic Rome
and Inception affects basically all
ryzen processors now if you're wondering
why I'm being so nonchalant about the
whole thing is because firmware updates
are already available that largely patch
these flaws so update your bios and
remind yourself the world is a dangerous
place that is constantly attempting to
murder you and one day
succeed
we'll get you Tech news site CNET has
been deleting thousands of old articles
over the last few months as a way of
gaming Google search rankings according
to an internal memo seen it voluntarily
shared with Gizmodo when asked I guess
CNET has no shame after all this is the
same company that earlier this year
fired 10 of their staff in order to
focus on appearing more authoritative to
Google and then got caught posting
inaccurate seo-ified Financial advice
articles that were covertly written by
AI if that's confusing it's a bit like a
little kid shoving half a bag of baby
carrots up their nose in a desperate bid
for attention oh that clarifies things
foreign
look what I can do in an apparent
response Google's search liaison zeded a
reminder that Google penalizing sites
simply because they contain older
content is not a thing however Google
did state in 2011 that removing older
and importantly low quality content can
improve site-wide ranking that's an and
not an or
get your Boolean logic straight
algebra bird selective content pruning
is a known Advanced SEO practice like
the six red Yang formation Jutsu but for
marketing
however purging thousands of pages is
more like trying to lose weight by
cutting off your less useful arm lose
five percent of your body weight with
this one clever trick doctors hate her
secret leprosy
who is she now it's time for quick bits
brought to you by Best Buy look we know
studying can be a chore I mean how many
of you are procrastinating and watching
this right now don't leave
we ain't narcs Best Buy is holding their
back to school sale and you can score
some sick deals on big Brands like Sony
HP Logitech and more so wait until the
end of this video then get off your
butts and go check it out at the link
below or stay on your butt and check
either one ah Linus never gives me any
treats for quickening my bits meanwhile
Luke gets the beef flavor that's the
best one these are getting worse they're
getting self-referential okay which is I
think presumptuous how many people are
gonna have watched both valve has
announced they are now selling
refurbished steam decks for about 20
less than a normal boring unpre-loved
one it's not coded in anything the
refurbs are available online through
Steam and in store at select GameStop
locations and they still include a
one-year warranty it's also a cheaper
way to get into the massive deck modding
Community I mean imagine how much more
popular pet adoption would be if you
could upgrade the senior cat you're
gonna buy with off-the-shelf parts laser
eyes additional memory for members where
to pee
the internet blew up in the past few
weeks with news of a room temperature
superconductor called LK 99 and boy is
it one of the substances of all time so
far lots of other attempts at
replication have resulted in papers with
mixed results though some theoretical
calculations suggest there's some secret
structure sauce within LK 99 that could
lead to a room temp superconductor just
not now and not in LK 99 especially
after LK 99 gets charged with identity
theft for stealing the name of one of
Elon musk's many children most of them
have normal names and then there's like
R2D2
Google is reportedly working on a
feature that will allow you to link your
Android devices together when they're
logged into the same Google account in a
similar vein to Apple's continuity not
content to stop at copying Apple Google
is also adding annotations to slides a
la Microsoft PowerPoint which I'm sure
is a joy to people forced to continue
making slideshows past college
graduation some of us just like them
check out these slides
a leaked video of what is apparently
Sony's upcoming PS5 slim was posted on
Twitter by an account called bwe but
they were apparently not happy about it
bwe wrote that the model's Blu-ray Drive
looks weird it has
ugly black slits on the sides and
embossed shapes from the PS5 controller
on the back which they say is stupid to
make matters worse they say the PS5 slim
is about five centimeters shorter but
not much thinner oh well I've I totally
get the rage then ah I am also quite
angry oh I hope I don't punch any of
these walls in my Fury that's not slim
at all and a company called OG X has
released Augie an AI powered video
creation platform that also lets you
clone voices ogx's founder alleges Augie
was inspired by users who didn't like
speaking into a microphone instead users
can clone their voice by simply speaking
into a microphone or selecting a
pre-recorded voice there it is the tool
is designed for marketers and social
media teams so safety guards are in
place to prevent misuse like how it will
only accept voices recorded with a live
mic it's sure to be extremely useful for
people like celebrities who can't record
their contractually obligated sponsored
Instagram posts because they're too busy
yachting and you better not yacht on
Monday because that's when the next tech
link comes out I guess the episode
wouldn't have to come out if anyone ever
invited me to yacht
c'est la vie
thank you