don't waste your money on millionaires
who don't appreciate you waste it on me
support the Habit at patreon.com dose of
Buckley
[Music]
social media was a mistake like many
mistakes there were good intentions at
the start Facebook existed originally so
that you could reconnect and stay
connected with friends from school
family members exes people who wanted to
bang in high school that time has not
been kind to and now look like you might
have a chance you could share updates
with them and trick people into thinking
your life was going much better than it
actually is actually Facebook originally
existed to rate college girls is how
[ __ ] they were I know but eventually
it pivoted and then for some reason it
became a place to follow celebrities
giving us regular slugs Untold access to
the people we watch on TV here on the
radio and see in movie theaters you know
all those things no one does anymore and
I think this caused two problems one it
killed the Mystique of famous people
which is more a problem for them they
all became their own publicist and
destroyed the idea that they're better
than anyone else when we can publicly
see that they're clearly not and two it
made fans even more delusional about the
idea that they could be friends with
them forming parasocial relationships
and anytime a celebrity pushes back on
this it's not met with the most
reasonable of responses so you guys all
know who Doja cat is the girl who
escaped meme status who once made a song
called moo where she says she's a cow
not a cat when she's actually a human
sort of and somehow two years later
recovered from that to score a string of
hits starting with say so and kiss me
more which she won a Grammy for the
[ __ ] I'm a cowgirl won a Grammy like
the equivalent would be if that fat Star
Wars kid grew up to be an actor and won
an Oscar
so from meme to millionaire with Legions
of fans and of course every aspect of
her life is now publicly scrutinized by
these people she starts dating a guy
named Jay Cyrus no relation to Miley but
perhaps playing to Doja cat's love of
memes the guy looks like the Milady
Fedora dude it's reported that this guy
apparently emotionally manipulated some
of his young fans on Tick Tock he's
since apologized for that but he was a
creep maybe still is another viral star
who couldn't handle Fame and took
advantage of parasocial relationships
though it's unclear if you ever did
anything physical Doge's fans aren't
happy that she a grown woman who can
make her own decisions and probably
wasn't groomed by some comparably
unknown Tick-Tock star is now dating him
when told that people are understanding
her because of it she says in all caps I
want y'all to read this comment and take
it as a message I don't give a [ __ ] what
you think think about my personal life I
never have and never will give a [ __ ]
what you think about me or my personal
life goodbye and good riddance miserable
hoes when someone says they don't give a
[ __ ] twice in all caps oh they give so
many [ __ ] but anyway this is followed
up by her criticizing her fans who call
themselves kittens as you know it's
classic behavior for fandoms to have
names like Taylor Swift fans or swifties
BTS has their army not insane at all I
think ice spice fans are named head
injury victims anyway Doja says my fans
don't name themselves [ __ ] if you call
yourself a kitten or [ __ ] kittens
that means you need to get off your
phone and get a job and help your
parents with the house a fan account
called the kitten's web says what should
I change my name to since you don't like
the term kitten and Dozier applies just
delete the entire account and rethink
everything it's never too late
amazing in a post on threads the new
Twitter knockoff from Instagram a fan
replies to a post with I want to hear
you say I do love you guys as usual you
say to your fans and Dozier replied I
don't though because I don't even know
y'all oh so she does know what an
apostrophe is
anyway another fan says and we don't
know you but we have supported you
through thick and thin don't say mostly
thick don't say mostly thick mind you
you'd be nothing without us you'd be
working at a grocery store making songs
on [ __ ] GarageBand miss high school
dropout and Doja cat replied nobody
forced you ID why you're talking to me
like you're my mother [ __ ] you sound
like a crazy person
BuzzFeed reports well I feel dirty
saying that that all of this resulted in
around 500 000 people unsubscribing from
her on Instagram half a million human
beings all consciously said oh she won't
tell she loves us and makes fun of us or
a dumb fandom name well I need to go to
all the websites I followed her on and
unfollow her listen I get that as an
Entertainer you should be thankful to
your audience I certainly am and I say
it all the time but to be held [ __ ]
hostage told that you have to say you
love people and told who you can and
can't date that is [ __ ] lunatic
Behavior
to go back to that first post the person
says they're unstanning you shouldn't
stand in the first place Stan was an
Eminem song about a very mentally ill
individual who commits a murder-suicide
because Eminem doesn't write back to him
fast enough you should never have heard
that song and went oh I really identify
with the Stan character that's the type
of fan I aspire to be
don't hate Doja cat because she won't
suck your slits whenever you desire
hater because her music is store brand
Rihanna like a normal human being
so then as if not respecting boundaries
online isn't bad enough we got fans who
can't respect physical boundaries either
over the last few months multiple
artists have had issues with fans
throwing [ __ ] at them not literally yet
but cardi B was the latest as of writing
this a fan threw a drink at her so she
whipped her mic at them the song
continues to play her vocals and all yes
lip syncing is nothing new the people
should be more angry about that when
they pay money to see a performer they
aren't though because these people
aren't there to see cardi B perform they
don't truly care about that they're just
there to simply be in her presence sad
stuff
but sadder still are the ones who want
to make themselves part of the show like
[ __ ] this person they apparently went to
the police after what cardi B hit me
with a microphone shut up baby [ __ ] you
got what you wanted you made her show
about you there are some reports that
she'd ask the crowd to pour water on her
earlier but that's clearly over by the
time this person Chucks a cup full of
who knows what in her face but you know
what maybe you're on the fence about
this one or maybe you don't give a [ __ ]
about cardi B well there's a bunch of
these weird incidents that have happened
recently there's a video of Harry Styles
getting hit in the eyeball which led me
to an article from a year ago from GQ
that was called the long strange history
of people throwing stuff at Harry Styles
this is a thing his weirdo fans do so
regularly people are writing [ __ ]
essays about it about a month and a half
ago someone threw their phone at BB rexa
the report is that the guy thought it
would be funny if he hit rexo with his
phone
you know what I think would be funny if
that guy was ground into Elmer's pace
and eaten by the slow kid in class
wouldn't it be funny to hurt a woman
[ __ ] loser absolute [ __ ] loser and
then there was this whole thing with
pink yeah she's still working good for
her eh anyway this also happened only a
month ago all this [ __ ] is so close
together you have to wonder if there's
something in the water supply a woman
threw a plastic bag containing her dead
Mom's ashes up on stage pink picked them
up and said these are your mother's
ashes I don't know how to feel about
this and then put them down at the front
of the stage and kept singing clearly
whoever threw them thought oh my mom was
such a fan of Pink I just wanted her to
be a part of the show and again that's
what this [ __ ] is all about these are
fans who came to make the show about
them
I know I've gone on this rant and videos
before but when you go to a show when
you buy an album or a piece of merch
when you listen to a song on Spotify
whatever you have paid with money or
your time for that thing and that thing
only you are not entitled to anything
else not their time not their love not
as saying who they [ __ ] or how they live
their lives not the handling of your
dead mom's Remains Not a chance at
target practice for the lulls none of
these things
now that being said maybe musicians
could monetize this fans clearly want it
and musicians are always complaining
they don't make enough money so charge
an extra five hundred dollars to throw
an approved liquid from the crowd a
thousand dollars for some sort of soft
object five thousand dollars for
something hard make it a carnival game
or lands their throw gets a meet and
greet you can do it for the parasocial
part too five thousand dollars and
they'll follow you on your choice of
social media platform I know that [ __ ]
matters to these goobers ten thousand
dollars and you get a say in who someone
dates and for only fifteen thousand
dollars you get a personalized video of
your favorite celebrity telling you I
love you and I'm proud of you so you can
finally hear it from someone since
clearly your mom and dad never said it
and no one else will ever say it to you
because your entire life is wasted
obsessing over celebrities instead of
living in the [ __ ] real world
[Music]