[Music]
this video is about willpower
determination resolution commitment and
dedication and yes I know these are all
synonyms but there's a reason for that
because this was a pain in the damn butt
hole let me explain how it all began one
morning I woke up and I saw a Kotaku
article and the headline read a large
group of Reddit online players tried to
carry bowls of soup across the entire
map and the article also linked to a
video showcasing what transpired from
that fateful day and to my greatest
disappointment I saw no soup nor stew
that made it across the map later that
night I went to bed but I couldn't get
this article and video out of my head
why why would won't carry a stew from
one side of the map to the other why
even walk from one side of the map to
the other and most importantly why has
no one in the video made it to the other
side of the map with the actual stew in
hand it's about halfway through all the
stew was gone
how what happened due to stew sleep
wouldn't come that night all I could
think of was the stew and how it never
got to see st. Annie the next morning I
decided this needed to be investigated I
would take it upon myself to bring this
do from new Austin to st. Annie but I
wouldn't do it alone because madness is
best enjoyed with friends so I forced
the day narrator to join me so the plan
they dis bowl of stew from this place
here to the tavern of st. Denis
somewhere around here sounds pretty easy
right well it isn't the best way to
explain it each region had an own
specific hurdles and well boss fights oh
and I forgot to mention one important
thing no map because we are no damn
[ __ ]
attempt one as you notice there's no
stew in my hand why because it was
fairly confident we would do it at the
first try I will just have Dave here to
do the challenge and I dragged a video
as we go along and voila easy peasy
lemon squeezy it didn't go down like
that he we established the ground room
for getting to save Danny right at the
start we are West st. Denis is East the
Sun rises in the east so we go towards
the Sun or keep the Sun in our back to
inevitably arrive at our destination but
the first obstacle presented itself in
the most unexpected form this single
piece of cactus yes touch a cactus and
your ball goes to the ground and he
dropped God attempt to okay go East
careful for the cactus as a matter of
fact avoid all cactus and what better
way to do that to get our asses on the
railway yes a pretty easy and
straightforward walk at some point we
figured we would reach armadillo and
from there on out it's a straight march
to black water strawberry roads and then
st. Denis and so far so good until
tragedy stroke the bowl of stew just
vanished what in just a spawn he didn't
drop the ball it just did the ball it
just D spawned and this was going to
prove a bigger problem than we could
anticipate now I didn't believe it at
first I thought Dave was lying he must
have dropped us too but there was indeed
an issue attempt three I realized this
wasn't a one-person job to double our
chances of getting stood to st. Annie I
too had to get my hands dirty and so
with Stu in hand we both walked
eastbound to st. annealing we thought by
being careful we could shave a few
seconds minutes hours even off by going
straight to armadillo but little did he
know about the dangers that lurk in the
set yes cacti have indeed proven to be
violent
traps besides that we were also paying
close attention to snakes and other
vials to terrorists but again the cacti
sprung and this time in the tiniest
tiniest of toys a cactus the size of an
ant made us spill our delicious stew on
the desert soil dammit attempt number
four was a game changer we've been
walking in third-person and we learned
that walking in first-person would speed
up our endeavors by exactly 80% yes so
no messing around this was going to be
the one we would just follow the train
tracks and go straight to armadillo and
McFarlane's ranch no messing around with
any cactus in any way shape or form and
then at the exact spot where attempt
number two ended we lost the students it
disappears yep
tortured day spawns first me we started
speculating why here why does it just
vanish two times at this exact same spot
is this the exact maximum stew range yes
there must be a massive massive circle
around a stew pot and you are not able
to bring this to pot outside of set
circle and that must have been widest -
from the initial video never made it the
st. Annie but was this really the case
or are there other more dark and
mysterious forces at play here so we
tested we walked for another 30 minutes
went to the guy and I would walk right
by him with stew in hand and Dave would
just take it tiny tiny detour and oh my
sweet Mary on a bike the legends are
true
Rockstar Games has indeed implemented a
Stu Border Patrol but at least we now
know we know how to get our stoop has
this point and into the next land and so
began our travels we went from new
Austin past thus to water patrol up to
Hennig instead past McFarland's ranch
past thieves Landing and here we nearly
got mauled by a boar but we kept on
going past Blackwater and now to pass
the river and there we found our next
enormous hurdle the moment you set foot
in water that is too deep you lose the
stew your character would instantly down
us do without a moment's hesitation or
any notice the next enormous blow in our
adventure and our not a good hour of too
wasted but this would not stop us
attempt number six pass new austin
McFarland's ranch thieves landing now
the river hmm okay so going down from
the river would leave us at a lake no
way across so the only thing we could do
was go upstream and hope to find either
a water that is super super shallow or a
bridge across all right so up we went
the travels becoming more and more
dangerous one slippery slide and thus
two would be carried away into the tall
trees rapids and unfortunately we went
off the path too far and we both lost
our Stu on the slippery slopes of tall
trees attempt number seven a pasty
washed in blah blah blah we ended up at
Hennig instead so instead of going past
the river we decided to head straight
into tall trees and had as far north as
we could in the hopes of finding a
bridge and we found many interesting
things on our walk like this possum
playing dead a black bear playing around
and the most interesting thing of them
all the way across this damn River a dam
right
yes with two steers in hand we race
towards this fantastic structure and
before we crossed we took a quick moment
and a quick picture across this
beautiful landmark but happiness turned
to a bitter sweet juicy L they've tried
to pass this man with this bowl of stew
and my sweet God knocked it right out of
his hand
there was only one stew remaining but
Dave was determined to take dis to
terrorists all the way up to st. Denis
cuz we indeed needed something for the
fire to heat up our stew so onwards we
went we went past strawberry towards the
south where we initially wanted to cross
the river yes so the lens up north posed
many dangerous and worst of all it would
be a massive detour and we saw another
game-changing hurdle another river but
this time way way wider than anything
we've ever seen before but luckily we
also saw a solution right away a bridge
well it was a train track and after
about six hours of trying to get the
Stewart cross we were not going to try
and find another way around because god
only knows how long we'd have to walk to
find a safe way across this damn River
so the Train Trek it was and we started
walking we were slightly worried of
course about the Train potentially
coming across but then again what on
God's green earth would be the chance of
the Train going over the bridge at the
exact time we would pass it I mean the
railroad is insanely long the train
could be anywhere on the map at any
given point
besides that waiting right here would be
equally dangerous if not even more
dangerous there's a ton of players
passing through this exact spot to go to
Valentine roads or Blackwater so no we
would walk just get it over with and I
guess we should have waited no it's got
a calm
[Music]
what a coal mine it's coming now not
even halfway across and it's right there
evidence behind you get to the side go
stay still stay still
I thought we'd thought we would don't
follow yes little did we know this was
the final big hurdle after hours upon
hours of walking the stew made it past a
final challenge from here on out it was
pretty straightforward much we went past
the heartland past the swamps and in our
heads we figured sneaked in a dead body
into st. Denis will be hard but guess
what none of the NPCs even bat an eye
needed it Allah no one cared and I like
to think that it's because they knew
what we went through from the cactus in
new Austin to the vicious animals on the
Great Plains the tall tree rivers the
slippery slopes and not to forget the
Train
yes Rockstar Games looped from above and
saw this too which made it from new
Austin all the way to st. Denis and said
let's cut his boy some slack
go forth go forth to the tavern big de
fruits of your labor and so we did with
tears in our eyes we arrived at the
front door it was time finally time to
cop habit
[Music]
you