time blocking let's talk about it
[Music]
if you take tasks off your to-do list
and put them onto your calendar and then
you
task like they're now appointments Who
falls for this stuff not me
um then there's no way you're not gonna
do them right
wrong
[Music]
you probably know you need some kind of
structure right I do I also hate any
kind of rigid structure that is like
standing in the way of spontaneity
hampering my creative impulses right
okay
and when I tell you this one tiny little
tweak to the way that I use Google
Calendar change my time blocking and
kind of like low-key change my life okay
and I genuinely believe that somebody
else out there will also feel the way
that I feel
hopefully it's you
I'm Danielle by the way
okay
so
here is the juice we've got to stop
creating all these multi-colored
calendars for all these different areas
of our life
you know what I mean work
personal social travel right the kids
workouts okay you get it no more of that
and what I want you to do instead is use
the multi-calendar function and
therefore the colors associated with
each calendar to represent sorry I have
to read this tears of time flexibility
relative to your priorities yet
sensitive to your moods and energy
levels
big no to millions of calendars for all
the different million areas of your life
uh Gone by big yes to a few calendars
whose colors like signal to your brain a
like how important something is and
don't worry I'll get into it but also B
how much like flexibility you have to
move it around your calendar without
your whole life catching on fire I'm
calling it The Time Flex tier technique
or tx3 for short all right now we're
gonna make this concrete
[Music]
hello it's many months later also you're
in my kitchen I'm in a bathrobe
sorry
okay so one of the last things I said
was that you needed to create calendars
to represent tiers of flexibility and
probably like what the hell does that
even mean how many tears are there how
do you decide what goes in each tier are
they labeled by numbers like right okay
I hear you I got you but to teach you
how to do it we're gonna have to go back
to grade school I'll show you what I
mean so this is a good time to open
Google Calendar if you want to follow
along I've watched so many time blocking
videos and when I look at other people's
little area down on this thing they'll
have I've seen five calendars but I've
also seen like 20. something that I ran
into when I used to calendar block that
way was like okay I'm taking a trip to
New York City to hang out with one of my
girlfriends does that go on my social
calendar does that go on the uh travel
calendar is but I plan to Vlog it is
that gonna be on my like content like it
was just it was too confusing for me
personally now Google Calendar
automatically gives you one calendar
it's usually like named your name and
then there's um like a tasks a reminders
Wayne is aside from all those calendars
that Google Calendar already gives you
we are going to create five of our own
and this is what I mean by grade school
I want you to remember the grades you
got on your report card a b c d and f a
stands for
appointments only things that cannot be
reasonably with go on this calendar
that's obviously things like doctor's
appointments hairdresser appointments
meetings flights right so it doesn't
have to be like Health appointments it
just means things that are like tied to
a time and if you change the time you're
either like really inconveniencing
someone else or really screwing over
yourself these are solid and I would
just say inflexible Now using myself as
an example let me unclick my
appointments calendar or let me click on
my appointments calendar
this particular week we were in the
thick of like moving and settling in so
I really only had one thing this week
that was like tied to a time it was an
appointment to get this lasered but like
let's say
you know Saturday 7 P.M is your friend's
birthday dinner
right it's from seven to eight obviously
this is like not something that like you
can really move around or like
let's say you work
at a coffee shop from
seven to I don't know
11.
or let's say on Wednesday you have a
flight
right okay that's obviously not gonna be
15 minutes long but you get the point
right and this is why
I make appointments bright red that red
signals to my brain they are the things
with the least amount of flexibility
b stands for bottlenecks
this calendar I feel is slightly more
intuitive than the appointments calendar
right because bottlenecks is less about
something being tied to a specific time
and more about how important that task
or event is because it's something it's
a it's a precursor to something else
I've deemed important all right so let's
toggle on my bottlenecks calendar for me
personally you might not feel this way
but like my weekly plan it's obviously
not an appointment I don't have to do it
and 5 PM every Sunday
but for me it's something that like if I
don't do it the whole rest of the week
I just won't know what I'm doing so it
kind of like holds everything up I to be
honest I don't even think that's the
best example but I
I'm trying to be more consistent on
YouTube a bottleneck would be something
like filming a video right film this
week's video
right and you know that'll probably take
me two hours
hypothetically speaking right now I've
made it another bright color it's not
quite as like
as the red but I've made it another
bright color because I want it to signal
to my brain like hey
if something comes up on Monday let's
say the hairdresser that I can never get
an appointment with us like hey I've got
an opening could I wait a few hours
could I easily like shift this down a
little bit or even maybe move it to the
next day
I could but just know you are holding
other things up by not doing this
grade C stands for critical let's say
that my two priorities in life right now
are being consistent on this YouTube
channel and
um
you know let me just toggle on the
critical calendar and then I can show
you what I mean by this at the time that
I made this schedule for myself my
husband was deployed and one of my
biggest focuses in life was like trying
to be like hot hot by the time he got
home from deployment right I put it on
my critical calendar that every morning
I do a hot girl walk and like a little
bit of Pilates and then I also was doing
these cavitation treatments it's a
machine that melts your fat basically
and then also just like other little
beauty things so all these things are
not appointments they're not bottlenecks
but they were critical to my success
caveat to this calendar it probably
doesn't need to just be to like whatever
your two main priorities are I have
trash day written down here as critical
where we were living at the time like we
needed to put the trash out on Monday
night so obviously that's critical to
just keeping my home in working order
it's not tied to a time but it's like
something like I need to do that day I
want to like really get in depth with
these but I also don't want to beat a
dead horse if you have any questions
just like leave them in the comments and
I will explain
daily routine is I think pretty
self-explanatory it's the stuff that you
need to do every day let's toggle on my
calendar you notice a lot more stuff
pops up Pops in especially around the
morning and around the evening so for me
daily I have my little morning routine
here which I've represented by these
emojis which is basically like wake up
brush your teeth scrape your tongue
drink some water drink your coffee make
your bed right showering doing my hair
uh reviewing my calendar for the day
sometimes I think it could be tempting
to put something you do every day on
your daily routine even though it's
critical I made the distinction to put
like
Hawker walks and pilates on my critical
calendar because it wasn't really like
habitual like getting up and making
coffee
and like making my bed it takes up time
so I put it in the calendar but making
my bed isn't really critical in the
great grand scheme of things to my goals
whereas like doing Pilates every day was
the thing that's different about the
daily routine blogs though is because
they happen every day they can't really
roll over like you could probably delay
them in the day for example like let's
say I wake up on Monday morning and for
some reason I just can't get out of bed
and then I realize oh crap I've got like
pilates class I gotta get to so I gotta
get going and I don't have time to make
my bed I could roll it down and like
move it make it later you know when I
get home and I'm just like oh let me
make my bed so that it's not bothering
me all day but you're not gonna make
your bed twice in one day so these daily
routine things don't really
roll over they just kind of get like
deleted like let's say the whole day
goes and I didn't make my bed whatever
didn't happen if I end up not freaking
showering today I'm not gonna shower
twice tomorrow to make up for it all
right I'm just gonna be like whoops
Goblin girl moment it was one of those
days you know
what I like to do is I have things on my
schedule and then
when I would do them I would turn them
gray so like let's say I woke up at 6am
great I would gray it out I get up and I
have a successful quick morning routine
like I have ADHD I've learned to stop
asking so much of myself I used to have
these like ridiculous morning routines
but I could never follow through with
them or keep up with them for very long
if I wake up and I brush my teeth and
scrape my tongue before I have coffee
it's a good day and I reward Myself by
this is my version of like ticking off
the box I turn it gray
right click this event is now Gray
and like let's say I'm having just I'm
on a roll I'm having a perfect day and I
did my hawk or walk in the morning I'd
come back to my walk and I'm like did
that and I would turn it gray and then
after that I did my Pilates
turn that into gray and then
oh I uh showered I deleted that earlier
but like let's say I did that I would
turn it gray and then let's say I'm like
feeling a little bit lazy and I get
sucked into my phone or I don't
something else comes up
blow dry my hair just let it air dry
whatever now I would just delete it I
would say oh that didn't happen and I'm
not gonna style my hair twice tomorrow
to make up for it whatever and I would
just do this all day long and let me
tell you it feels so good there is
nothing more satisfying than like Sunday
night coming around and it'd be time for
my weekly planner review and I'm looking
back at this week and being like man
like I really did all that or it doesn't
then you just delete it and you see
blank space in your calendar and you can
kind of reflect on like what did or
didn't happen
[Music]
these are things that like my dream self
would do with everything were to go
according to plan but it's also the kind
of thing that like if I delete it or it
doesn't get done
you know what I mean for example my
ideal self is someone who like Cuts
yourself together and does her makeup
every day but like if it didn't happen
nobody cares don't like follow my
example like some of the stuff that's
negotiable to me is not negotiable to
other people like vacuuming my bedroom
ideally I would have done that once a
week but honestly sometimes I skipped it
to some people that's probably but now
you can kind of use this two ways like
the way I use this is like oh it's
either something that can like just be
deleted if I can't do it if me and my
girlfriend like can't make sure we have
our like weekly phone call like whatever
we just talked about it delete it
whatever but it's just nice to kind of
see these things as little reminders of
like how you want to live and I wouldn't
call my friend if I hadn't filmed the
video this week you know what I mean
I've reserved Sundays as like days to
get groceries and meal prep for the week
but like if I decide I want to do that
Saturday instead you know I'm not
hurting anyone if I see a big Blank
Space wide open let's talk about some
extra credit calendars I'll call it the
a plus calendar alerts and awareness
it's just a vague catch-all for notes of
like what you actually did or like
what's other things I put on there
people's birthdays right that's like not
a task if I were to hop to this week you
would see like oh Gabe in class like
during these times because it's just
good for me to like know like oh that
would be a good time to film because
he's not here now for the calendar
everybody got with their name on it when
they first set up their Google account
this I use as like a quick capture
function say I just go to create an
event it automatically defaults to this
calendar so you don't have to fiddle
with like what calendar it goes on but
like let's say I just remembered I need
to mail my mother-in-law's birthday card
tomorrow
I would just put I wouldn't worry about
how long it's gonna take exactly when I
just put it on the thing the black for
some reason to my brain says oh this
hasn't been processed deal with this
deal with this deal I think it's
important to remember that like you
still have ADHD even though to this day
I still don't do like everything I said
I was gonna do exactly when I said I was
gonna do it this calendar has helped me
Pace myself more